Ed25519verify opcode (#786)
scale-it/algo-builder: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix `KMDCredentialsFromEnv` loading using KMD_DATA. Algob was trying to use `env.$KMD_DATA` instead of `env.KMD_DATA`
- Fix `gitxna 1 Logs 0` opcode. Previously any attempt to use this opcode would result in a "Not supported" error.
- Fix `TxParams.noteb64` encoding - should use base64 decoder rather than TextEncoder.

> - Fix `ed25519verify` opcode implementation. Previosuly the signature was only checked against the data not the concatanation of "ProgData"||program||data. Additionally test scenarios was added to check the correct implementation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `ed25519verify` opcode implementation. Previously the signature was only checked against the data not the concatenation of "ProgData"||program||data. Additionally test scenarios was added to check the correct implementation. 
```
